hello friends welcome to a new
adventure today from the capital of europe
Brussels
[Music]
I am ready to discover
Brussels, you too
so let's go
our trip through the historical part of
the Belgian capital begins in the Ramblas
globally known for its wealth
ornamental in the square highlights the
City Hall building
built in the 15th century in style
gothic the town hall has a
96-meter-high bell tower
the other great building is the king's house
of neo-Gothic style of the 19th century is today
the headquarters of the city museum
the rest of the buildings that complete
this square are houses of the most
important businessmen and guilds of the
epoch that settled around the
central core of the city throughout
17th century
[Music]
i
the other great historical building of
brussels is your catholic cathedral
built in Gothic style between
centuries 13 and 16 draws attention its
imposing size of its interior
we highlight the complete collection of
stained glass windows
and from the outside the beautiful facade with
its side towers of 65 meters of
height
and next to the ramplas and the cathedral
we found the galleries sanz tubert
built in 1847 these 200 meters of
covered street presumes to be the first
commercial gallery of europe
[Music]
but none of these three wonders
that we just saw wake up so much
interest as our next
protagonist
[Music]
I'm waiting to see if it ends
piss to ask for an autograph because
be manneken here is more famous than
justin bieber and I love uncle
normal is that a lot of beer is drunk here
[Music]
undoubtedly this bronze sculpture
61 centimeters called manneken pee
It is the great symbol of this city
there are many legends about this child but
none explains the cause of the
fascination that this statue generates
able to outshine the rest of the
treasures of the city
[Music]
manneken pis is one of the stars of
the Brussels trilogy of the pp whose
female counterpoint is this girl the
anec in pee
[Music]
and completing the Brussels trilogy of
pee we have the cinema that pee that by the
face that you put on us is not making you
great grace that we are filming in
so intimate moment
[Music]
all
in this city ​​in addition to the bruselenses
of all life other species coexist
indigenous people as the officials of the
European Union or the Smurfs
belgium has given great characters to the
contemporary history of europe between
those that highlight the Smurfs the lime that
the little spirou or tintin
[Music]
in this country the comics and their characters
they have cultural heritage category
[Music]
so you can get an idea of ​​the
importance that this country gives to this
literary genre say that only in
Brussels there are five museums dedicated to
the comics two annual fairs three
festivals and hundreds of stores for sale
of comics
in fact one of the best ways to
know this city is traveling the
comics route where we find more
of 50 giant murals and sculptures
dedicated to these big little ones
characters of literature
[Music]
we have run out of time until
here our trip has arrived by
Brussels and the truth is that this city
is unique and if I do not challenge you to anyone
from you to that you will find me another
city ​​in the world where they coexist
harmoniously fabulous buildings
17th century with dogs and children doing
pee and where its inhabitants are a
mixture of union officials
European and cartoon characters
[Music]
I hope you enjoyed this
episode almost as much as I
See you on the next trip
where
I do not know
[Music]